Hello dear, how are you?
Today we agreed that Anwar will return punishment
O God
It is not a punishment but a mold
Mold mold
We prepared everything
We woke him up and said we had a challenge
He hopes to be active in the channel and loves it very much
Do you remember the prank that he did to us two hours later, and we thought about it
Karuna hahaha
Hello, I hope you are fine
We shoot two cameras
My sweetheart, I woke up and was surprised by the youth, preparing everything
Adam, Haidar and Muhammad
They hope to create a new challenge that most of the followers send on Insta to do a challenge
I am very happy about this thing
I prepared 5 questions with an answer and a wiggle as well
Today things are very good enthusiasts
I thank you for all the beautiful interaction
Now I am preparing a very beautiful room
God willing, it will be a special room
I hope you help me with decoration, cooperate with each other
I would like to tell you something important
From now to a full year every month you will have a gift
Wawan
It will be new things in my channel
I hope the airport opens. I travel with you to all countries
And I will prove in a new country other than Iraq
I share with you everything because I love you
ok
I will tell you everything about me soon
From now on, I don't keep it in Iraq
I will make video 2 for you and talk about my new plans
let's start